feat(commands)!: Add support for injected parameters autocompletions (#675)
DisnakeDev/disnake: changelog/669.feature.rst

> :func:`register_injection <ext.commands.register_injection>` now returns an :class:`Injection <ext.commands.Injection>` object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|commands| Change :func:`commands.register_injection <ext.commands.register_injection>` to now return an instance of :class:`Injection <ext.commands.Injection>`.
```

> |commands| Change :func:`commands.register_injection <ext.commands.register_injection>` to now return an instance of :class:`Injection <ext.commands.Injection>`.

Reviewer 2: should this be labeled as a breaking change?

Reviewer: I think returning something when we used to return None not a breaking change.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/675#discussion_r950658142

Reviewer: :^)

Reviewer: https://github.com/DisnakeDev/disnake/pull/675/commits/1c35cd0d94975673acbb913aa8639206235e11e8
